OSDOCS-4855: Updating version numbers from 4.12 to 4.13 (#57863)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-openstack-external-ccm.adoc

[id="nw-openstack-external-ccm_{context}"]
= The OpenStack Cloud Controller Manager

> In {product-title} 4.13, clusters that run on {rh-openstack-first} are switched from the legacy OpenStack cloud provider to the external OpenStack Cloud Controller Manager (CCM). This change follows the move in Kubernetes from in-tree, legacy cloud providers to external cloud providers that are implemented by using the link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/cloud-controller/[Cloud Controller Manager].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title} 4.12, clusters that run on {rh-openstack-first} were switched from the legacy OpenStack cloud provider to the external OpenStack Cloud Controller Manager (CCM). This change follows the move in Kubernetes from in-tree, legacy cloud providers to external cloud providers that are implemented by using the link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/cloud-controller/[Cloud Controller Manager].
```
